# SOLVING-ODE-USING-RUNGE-KUTTA-3RD-ORDER
ODE problems can be solved in many ways and one of the methods used in this problem is by Runge-Kutta 3rd order method. The value of h is used to calculate the solution and it is known that the value of h tells how accurate the solution could be. When the value of h chosen is as low as possible than the solution would be highly accurate. Hence, it could be concluded that the relationship between h and the solution is directly proportional. This leads to Runge-kutta method being able to produce accurate numerical results comparing to other methods such as the Euler etc. All the calculations performed in solving this ODE problem is just an approximation of the real values and the calculation is performed in a manner that the results obtained are very close to the actual values. In Runge-kutta, the value of n chosen is 3 (representing the 3rd order) this means that the equation is evaluated 3 times in each steps performed (k1,k2 and k3). Overall, the results obtained will give a solution that compared with the real solution will give a value that has a percentage error as low as possible. Hence, our result performed using the programme c++ is precise and accurate. Since this is a numerical method analysis, it is important to understand that error could not be avoided but only reduced as much as possible by minimizing the step size as much as possible and for our ODE problem for the last iteration the error percentage was 0.921111% which is very small. This method if it was traditionally done using the manual would consume huge amount of time but with computer programme (as used in this problem) we could perform the iteration 300 times within a short span of time.   
